Chapter 10 updates (#44)
DivadNojnarg/outstanding-shiny-ui: shiny-javascript.Rmd

| removeClass() | Remove class or multiple classes to the set of matched elements |
| attr() | Get or set the value of a specific attribute |
| after() | Insert content after |
| before() | Insert content before |
| css() | Get or set a CSS property |
| remove() | Remove element(s) from the DOM |
| val() | Get the current value of the matched element(s) |

### Chaining jQuery methods

> A lot of jQuery methods may be chained, similar to using a pipe operation in R.

Author: ```suggestion
A lot of jQuery methods may be chained from one method to the next using a `.`.
```
